namaste Ambria welcome to my kitchen
today I am going to make dahi vada it is
a very popular and Indian traditional
nut but today I am going to make dahi
vada in odious debt in this dish we will
use the our thumb curry and mutter curry
less than with the recipe for this
recipe we need to cop up skinless or
adult paste
one cup of yogurt
a half a teaspoon black soil
salt toothpaste
click up off water to soak the border
I have already soaked keenness Mirada
overnight they branded it in this mix we
will our salt to taste and mix it take
some water in a pot make your hand
little weight using this water to make
the bada now take a little bottom mix
make the border like this put in the
frying pan carefully my oil is already
hot at medium-high makes your you break
your hand before making each bada
turn about ash to the other side every
two three minutes till they look golden
brown now my border looks golden brown
take out the border and put in the plain
water please be careful when putting the
border into the water okay in the
meantime we will work on the car or the
Hindi for this we need some coriander
leaves curry leaves green chilli now are
the water then add
side
black salt and thick yogurt mix it
properly
masta chili green chilli coriander and
curry leaves so that the smell will go
into the vada mix it properly
take out bada from the wiper and put
into the karmic keep this aside at least
for four hours so that the water soaks
the car properly my dihybrid is ready as
I serve it with water Kari and Adam
exxon dahi vada in the in a plate pour
some mortar curry
you
and Adam Curry on net
now garnish it with cotton Ian coriander
leaves
you
I'm sales
sprinkle a pinch of black salt and
roasted cumin seed powder you can visit
my website Prius receive calm to know
the process of motor curry and algum
curry now my Adam diamond is ready it
looks yummy and delicious thank you for
watching my video see you soon with
another recipe